Added documentation explaining the requirements to make the kubeconfig generated by Okteto with the new credential plugin within the CLI (#474)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/faqs.mdx

This is related to how syncthing interacts with `tsc`. Syncthing creates a temporary file and replaces the original file with the new one.

To solve the problem you just add the flag `--synchronousWatchDirectory` to your `tsc` command.

> ## I cannot connect to the Kubernetes cluster using the kubeconfig file generated by Okteto

Author: Added this FAQ as I think it might be a common problem and I will add a post in the community as soon as the changes are available.

Reviewer: Is this needed for any command or just for "okteto kubeconfig" @ifbyol ?

Author: One clarification, this is not needed to run `okteto kubeconfig`. It is needed to run any command executed with `kubectl` or similar tool using a kubeconfig generated by Okteto via `okteto kubeconfig` or downloaded from the UI. Internal connections to the cluster by the CLI will be managed in a different way. It doesn't require to have the CLI in the path.

Reviewer: Can we mention that on the Kubeconfig command doc? And also in the doc that talks about downloading your Kubeconfig from the UI?

Author: The other file modified in the PR is the one that talks about the 2 options to get the Kubernetes config from Okteto. In the `Using your Kubernetes credentials` section, we are adding that. How would you make it more visible? A special call out with special markdown? We will include it also in the command docs

Author: I changed it to mention it also in the `kubeconfig` command docs and the getting started. I also sent a PR in the CLI to mention it in the command help

Kubeconfig file generated by Okteto uses a [credential plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins) to get credentials for your Kubernetes clusters via Okteto backend. It is a common pattern used by many Kubernetes providers, such as Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), or Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) to connect to Kubernetes clusters in a more secure way.

> For this reason, it is required to have Okteto CLI installed in your PATH and have it connected to your Okteto instance. In order to install the CLI in your path you can follow [our documentation](https://www.okteto.com/docs/getting-started/#installing-okteto-cli).

Author: I like Okteto instance as I think it's easier to visualize that Okteto can be just a part of a cluster. Anyways, I think both are synonyms and they could be exchanged to avoid to be repetitive in places where we mention it several times. 

Doing a quick search in the docs, we use more `Okteto instance` (758 hits) vs Okteto cluster (76 hits).

This is related to how syncthing interacts with `tsc`. Syncthing creates a temporary file and replaces the original file with the new one.

To solve the problem you just add the flag `--synchronousWatchDirectory` to your `tsc` command.

## I cannot connect to the Kubernetes cluster using the kubeconfig file generated by Okteto

> Since CLI version `2.20`, the Kubeconfig file generated by Okteto uses a [credential plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins) to get the credentials for your Kubernetes clusters from your Okteto instance. It is a common pattern used by many Kubernetes providers, such as Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), or Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) to connect to Kubernetes clusters in a more secure way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Okteto CLI version `2.20`, the Kubeconfig file generated by Okteto uses a [credential plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins) to get the credentials for your Kubernetes clusters from your Okteto instance. It is a typical pattern used by many Kubernetes providers, such as Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), or Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) to connect to Kubernetes clusters in a more secure way.
```

> For this reason, we recommend that you add the  Okteto CLI to your PATH, and that you run the 'okteto context' command to connect your CLI to your Okteto instance. Please refer to [our documentation](https://www.okteto.com/docs/getting-started/#installing-okteto-cli) for more information on this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, we recommend that you add the  Okteto CLI to your PATH, and that you run the 'okteto context' command to connect your CLI to your Okteto instance before executing the `okteto kubeconfig` command or manually downloading your Kubeconfig from the Okteto UI.  Please refer to [our documentation](https://www.okteto.com/docs/getting-started/#installing-okteto-cli) for more information on this topic.
```

## I cannot connect to the Kubernetes cluster using the kubeconfig file generated by Okteto

Starting with Okteto CLI version `2.20`, the Kubeconfig file generated by Okteto uses a [credential plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins) to get the credentials for your Kubernetes clusters from your Okteto instance. It is a typical pattern used by many Kubernetes providers, such as Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), or Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) to connect to Kubernetes clusters.

> For this reason, we recommend that you add the  Okteto CLI to your PATH, and that you run the 'okteto context' command to connect your CLI to your Okteto instance before executing the `okteto kubeconfig` command or manually downloading your Kubeconfig from the Okteto UI. Please refer to [our documentation](https://www.okteto.com/docs/getting-started/#installing-okteto-cli) for more information on this topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend you add the Okteto CLI to your PATH and run the 'okteto context' command to connect your CLI to your Okteto instance before executing the `okteto kubeconfig` command. You can also optionally download your Kubeconfig from the Okteto UI. Please refer to [our documentation](https://www.okteto.com/docs/getting-started/#installing-okteto-cli) for more information on this topic.
```
